---
layout: post
title: Digimon Code
subtitle: How I developed the code to answer the questions posed in the digimon lab
cover-img: /assets/img/digimon.jpeg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/digimonicon.webp
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [code, explanation]
---

# My Digimon Code

The Digimon Lab presented the following three questions to be answered about the csv file digimon: 1. What is the average speed (Spd) of all Digimon? 2. Write a function that can count the number of Digimon with a specific attribute. 3. The Digimon on your team are restricted by the total amount of Memory that they need. If your team only has 15 Memory, name a team of up to 3 Digimon that has at least 300 attack (Atk) in total.

In this blog post I am going to walk therough the methods I used to answer the questions that there three tasks are asking. So, the best place to start is with the first question.


### The set up
First to answer any of these questions we have to have the ability to iterate through the csv. To do this we import the csv module and open the csv. I then set up a list called data which contains all of the values in the csv. Opening the csv as a list allows for us to iterate through the csv as many times as we want.

```
import csv
with open("datasets/digimon.csv", "r") as f:
    data = list(csv.DictReader(f))
```

Thus allows us to then iterate through the csv in the rest of our code to answer the questions asked. 


### Finding the average speed of all Digimon

After opening the csv and setting up a way to iterate through its content I was able to start trying to answer the questions. At first I thought that I would be able to create a dictionary that gave me all of the desired values, but after testing that method out, I felt that it would be more effective to answer each of the questions in separate blocks of code. To find the average speed of all of the Digimon, I created a list to which I added the "Spd" value of every Digimon that is iterated through. Then I divide the sum of all the values in that list by the number of values in the list (otherwise known as its length). The code below demonstrates how the process described was executed. 

```
speeds = []
for digimon in data:
    speed = float(digimon["Spd"])
    speeds.append(speed)
print(sum(speeds)/len(speeds))
```

### Counting the number of Digimon with a specific attribute

I used a function to count the number of Digimon with a specific trait. By having the inputs of this function be the key and value that would define that specific trait in the csv, I was able to design the function to check whether each Digimon had a value that matched the inputed value in the respective defined key. A trait in this case can be defined as a specific value for the key that is defined by the user of this function. Thus I was able to write an if statement that checks whether this is the case, and if it is the case 1 is added to the variable numberOfTrait which keeps track of the number of Digimon with the specific trait. 

```
def count_digimon(key, value):
        numberOfTrait = 0
        for digimon in data:
            if digimon[key] == value:
                numberOfTrait += 1
        return numberOfTrait

```

In order to run this function you just have to print it as follows: `print(count_digimon("Type", "Vaccine"))`

### Creating a team of three Digimon with at least 300 Attack and up to 15 Memory

Under what should we step off a path? When is it essential that we finish what we start? If I bought a bag of peanuts and had an allergic reaction, no one would fault me if I threw it out. If I ended a relationship with a woman who hit me, no one would say that I had a commitment problem. But if I walk away from a seemingly secure route because my soul has other ideas, I am a flake?

The truth is that no one else can definitively know the path we are here to walk. It’s tempting to listen—many of us long for the omnipotent other—but unless they are genuine psychic intuitives, they can’t know. All others can know is their own truth, and if they’ve actually done the work to excavate it, they will have the good sense to know that they cannot genuinely know anyone else’s. Only soul knows the path it is here to walk. Since you are the only one living in your temple, only you can know its scriptures and interpretive structure.

At the heart of the struggle are two very different ideas of success—survival-driven and soul-driven. For survivalists, success is security, pragmatism, power over others. Success is the absence of material suffering, the nourishing of the soul be damned. It is an odd and ironic thing that most of the material power in our world often resides in the hands of younger souls. Still working in the egoic and material realms, they love the sensations of power and focus most of their energy on accumulation. Older souls tend not to be as materially driven. They have already played the worldly game in previous lives and they search for more subtle shades of meaning in this one—authentication rather than accumulation. They are often ignored by the culture at large, although they really are the truest warriors.

A soulful notion of success rests on the actualization of our innate image. Success is simply the completion of a soul step, however unsightly it may be. We have finished what we started when the lesson is learned. What a fear-based culture calls a wonderful opportunity may be fruitless and misguided for the soul. Staying in a passionless relationship may satisfy our need for comfort, but it may stifle the soul. Becoming a famous lawyer is only worthwhile if the soul demands it. It is an essential failure if you are called to be a monastic this time around. If you need to explore and abandon ten careers in order to stretch your soul toward its innate image, then so be it. Flake it till you make it.
